introducing the latest Intel powered
two-in-one from Toshiba
the old 30w the satellite l3w windows a
notebook from Toshiba is a great example
of a full windows head experience at an
affordable price let's take a closer
look the old 30w is a thin and light
design notebook making it a device that
you can definitely take anywhere with
you in a small bag or satchel the design
is a sleek silver casing that has an
elegant look from any angle now the
feature that separates this notebook
from the many others is that all the
main component tree is built behind the
screen with the keyboard element acting
as a dock in fact the keyboard section
only has one port a USB 3 connection
plus the power socket this means that
most of the ports are actually on the
screen itself so on one side we have the
SD card slot headphone jack USB 3 micro
HDMI volume toggle and power button on
the back of the screen you can see these
grills here which hold the Skullcandy
speakers for great audio for music and
movies the keyboard itself is set out in
an island design with good separation
between keys keeping you productive
below the keyboard is a single panel
touchpad which can be used to control
the windows 8 environment for example
swipe in from the right for charms in
from the left for apps and from the top
for additional features just above the
keyboard is this physical switch which
you move with one handed click and the
monitor lifts off the keyboard dock now
you have a large screen tablet then you
can use in Windows 8 touchscreen mode
taking advantage of the thousands of
apps available in the Microsoft Windows
Store for gaming reading and
entertainment the multi-touch screen
panel is a 1366 by 768 pixel resolution
on a generous 13.3 inch display having a
touchscreen on such an affordable
notebook is a great feature as you're
able to use Windows 8 to its fullest
with pinching zooming swiping to change
apps and selecting hyperlinks above the
screen is a webcam for use in video chat
application
the satellite l3w is powered by Intel's
new quad core Pentium chip with enough
grunt to get you through all your basic
daily activities like email web browsing
and using Windows 8 apps the integrated
Intel HD graphics provides additional
power to make your movie and video
viewing a pleasure as well the four gigs
of onboard RAM make sure you can have
multiple apps open and running smoothly
as well the or 30w comes with 500
gigabytes of storage onboard so you'll
have plenty of space to fit your
documents photos music and movies so you
can be entertained on the go and when
you want to share the items on your
satellite you'll be able to simply
connect to a flat panel TV with a hdmi
cable using the micro HDMI output
transferring files to and from is on too
fast as well with the USB 3 superspeed
port providing up to 10 times the speed
of a USB 2 connection whether you're at
home or out and about the wireless
connection on the satellite l3w let's
use to up to date and in contact using
high-speed wireless connectivity that's
the toshiba satellite l 30 w big screen
great look and a Windows notebook and
tablet in one so come on in to newest
bingley store or put us online right now